Error opening Steam key
Extensions for bump mapping unsupported
Unable to retrieve login information
Unable to retrieve login information
replay folder is empty
set_player_body - corrupt default tori texture
failed to load custom/uke/flame.tga
load_custom_sound: pain1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain3.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain4.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain5.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain6.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain7.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain8.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit_head1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit_head2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit_head3.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit3.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit4.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit5.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_impact_hard1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_impact_hard2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_impact_soft1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_impact_soft2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_impact_mini1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_impact_mini2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: dismember1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: dismember2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: dismember3.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: dismember4.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: dismember5.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_swoosh_hand.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_swoosh_feet.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_swoosh.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: footstep.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: menu_click.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: select_player.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: joint_hold.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: joint_over.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: joint_change.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: fight_alert.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: win.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: dq.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: draw.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash0.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash3.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash4.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash5.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash6.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash7.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash8.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: slowdown.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: weapon-hit.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: weapon-clash.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: grading.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: ready.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: kiai.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: shout.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: freeze_enter.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: freeze_exit.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: grip.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: neck_fracture.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger3.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger4.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger5.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger6.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger7.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
set_player_body - corrupt default uke texture
failed to load custom/uke/flame.tga
load_custom_sound: pain1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain3.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain4.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain5.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain6.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain7.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain8.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit_head1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit_head2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit_head3.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit3.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit4.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit5.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_impact_hard1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_impact_hard2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_impact_soft1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_impact_soft2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_impact_mini1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_impact_mini2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: dismember1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: dismember2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: dismember3.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: dismember4.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: dismember5.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_swoosh_hand.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_swoosh_feet.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_swoosh.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: footstep.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: menu_click.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: select_player.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: joint_hold.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: joint_over.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: joint_change.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: fight_alert.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: win.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: dq.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: draw.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash0.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash3.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash4.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash5.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash6.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash7.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash8.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: slowdown.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: weapon-hit.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: weapon-clash.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: grading.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: ready.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: kiai.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: shout.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: freeze_enter.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: freeze_exit.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: grip.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: neck_fracture.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger3.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger4.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger5.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger6.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger7.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger3.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger4.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger5.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger6.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger7.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
no such display 0
set_player_body - corrupt default tori texture
failed to load custom/uke/flame.tga
load_custom_sound: pain1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain3.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain4.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain5.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain6.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain7.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain8.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit_head1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit_head2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit_head3.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit3.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit4.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit5.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_impact_hard1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_impact_hard2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_impact_soft1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_impact_soft2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_impact_mini1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_impact_mini2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: dismember1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: dismember2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: dismember3.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: dismember4.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: dismember5.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_swoosh_hand.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_swoosh_feet.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_swoosh.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: footstep.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: menu_click.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: select_player.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: joint_hold.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: joint_over.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: joint_change.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: fight_alert.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: win.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: dq.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: draw.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash0.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash3.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash4.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash5.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash6.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash7.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash8.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: slowdown.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: weapon-hit.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: weapon-clash.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: grading.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: ready.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: kiai.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: shout.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: freeze_enter.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: freeze_exit.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: grip.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: neck_fracture.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger3.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger4.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger5.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger6.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger7.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
set_player_body - corrupt default uke texture
failed to load custom/uke/flame.tga
load_custom_sound: pain1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain3.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain4.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain5.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain6.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain7.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain8.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit_head1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit_head2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit_head3.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit3.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit4.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit5.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_impact_hard1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_impact_hard2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_impact_soft1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_impact_soft2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_impact_mini1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_impact_mini2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: dismember1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: dismember2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: dismember3.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: dismember4.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: dismember5.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_swoosh_hand.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_swoosh_feet.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_swoosh.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: footstep.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: menu_click.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: select_player.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: joint_hold.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: joint_over.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: joint_change.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: fight_alert.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: win.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: dq.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: draw.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash0.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash3.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash4.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash5.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash6.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash7.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash8.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: slowdown.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: weapon-hit.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: weapon-clash.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: grading.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: ready.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: kiai.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: shout.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: freeze_enter.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: freeze_exit.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: grip.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: neck_fracture.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger3.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger4.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger5.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger6.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger7.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger3.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger4.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger5.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger6.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger7.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
set_player_body - corrupt default tori texture
failed to load custom/uke/flame.tga
load_custom_sound: pain1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain3.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain4.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain5.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain6.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain7.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain8.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit_head1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit_head2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit_head3.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit3.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit4.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit5.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_impact_hard1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_impact_hard2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_impact_soft1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_impact_soft2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_impact_mini1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_impact_mini2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: dismember1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: dismember2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: dismember3.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: dismember4.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: dismember5.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_swoosh_hand.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_swoosh_feet.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_swoosh.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: footstep.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: menu_click.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: select_player.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: joint_hold.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: joint_over.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: joint_change.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: fight_alert.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: win.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: dq.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: draw.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash0.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash3.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash4.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash5.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash6.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash7.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: splash8.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: slowdown.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: weapon-hit.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: weapon-clash.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: grading.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: ready.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: kiai.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: shout.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: freeze_enter.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: freeze_exit.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: grip.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: neck_fracture.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger3.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger4.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger5.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger6.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: trigger7.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
set_player_body - corrupt default uke texture
failed to load custom/uke/flame.tga
load_custom_sound: pain1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain3.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain4.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain5.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain6.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain7.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: pain8.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit_head1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit_head2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit_head3.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit3.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit4.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_hit5.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_impact_hard1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_impact_hard2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_impact_soft1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_impact_soft2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_impact_mini1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_impact_mini2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: dismember1.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: dismember2.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: dismember3.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: dismember4.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: dismember5.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_swoosh_hand.wav Mix_LoadWAV_RW with NULL src
load_custom_sound: body_swoosh_feet.wav Mix