MANIFEST.in
README.md
requirements.txt
setup.py
setup.sh
scripts/tw-data
scripts/tw-make
scripts/tw-play
scripts/tw-stats
textworld/__init__.py
textworld/core.py
textworld/helpers.py
textworld/testing.py
textworld/text_utils.py
textworld/utils.py
textworld/agents/__init__.py
textworld/agents/human.py
textworld/agents/random.py
textworld/agents/simple.py
textworld/agents/walkthrough.py
textworld/challenges/__init__.py
textworld/challenges/coin_collector.py
textworld/challenges/treasure_hunter.py
textworld/challenges/utils.py
textworld/envs/__init__.py
textworld/envs/glulx/__init__.py
textworld/envs/glulx/git_glulx_ml.py
textworld/envs/wrappers/__init__.py
textworld/envs/wrappers/recorder.py
textworld/envs/wrappers/viewer.py
textworld/envs/zmachine/__init__.py
textworld/envs/zmachine/frotz.py
textworld/envs/zmachine/jericho.py
textworld/envs/zmachine/zork1.py
textworld/generator/__init__.py
textworld/generator/chaining.py
textworld/generator/dependency_tree.py
textworld/generator/game.py
textworld/generator/graph_networks.py
textworld/generator/logger.py
textworld/generator/maker.py
textworld/generator/testing.py
textworld/generator/text_generation.py
textworld/generator/text_grammar.py
textworld/generator/user_query.py
textworld/generator/vtypes.py
textworld/generator/world.py
textworld/generator/data/__init__.py
textworld/generator/data/logic/container.twl
textworld/generator/data/logic/door.twl
textworld/generator/data/logic/food.twl
textworld/generator/data/logic/inventory.twl
textworld/generator/data/logic/key.twl
textworld/generator/data/logic/object.twl
textworld/generator/data/logic/player.twl
textworld/generator/data/logic/room.twl
textworld/generator/data/logic/supporter.twl
textworld/generator/data/logic/thing.twl
textworld/generator/data/text_grammars/basic1_instruction.twg
textworld/generator/data/text_grammars/basic1_obj.twg
textworld/generator/data/text_grammars/basic1_room.twg
textworld/generator/data/text_grammars/basic_instruction.twg
textworld/generator/data/text_grammars/basic_obj.twg
textworld/generator/data/text_grammars/basic_room.twg
textworld/generator/data/text_grammars/house_instruction.twg
textworld/generator/data/text_grammars/house_obj.twg
textworld/generator/data/text_grammars/house_room.twg
textworld/generator/inform7/__init__.py
textworld/generator/inform7/world2inform7.py
textworld/logic/__init__.py
textworld/logic/model.py
textworld/logic/parser.py
textworld/render/__init__.py
textworld/render/render.py
textworld/render/serve.py
textworld/render/tmpl/slideshow.handlebars
textworld/render/tmpl/static/bootstrap.min.css
textworld/render/tmpl/static/style.css
textworld/render/tmpl/static/images/TextWorldIcons_Chevron.png
textworld/render/tmpl/static/images/TextWorldIcons_Container.png
textworld/render/tmpl/static/images/TextWorldIcons_ContainerOpen.png
textworld/render/tmpl/static/images/TextWorldIcons_Cooked.png
textworld/render/tmpl/static/images/TextWorldIcons_Door.png
textworld/render/tmpl/static/images/TextWorldIcons_DoorOpen.png
textworld/render/tmpl/static/images/TextWorldIcons_Fixed.png
textworld/render/tmpl/static/images/TextWorldIcons_Food.png
textworld/render/tmpl/static/images/TextWorldIcons_Key.png
textworld/render/tmpl/static/images/TextWorldIcons_LightOff.png
textworld/render/tmpl/static/images/TextWorldIcons_LightOn.png
textworld/render/tmpl/static/images/TextWorldIcons_Locked.png
textworld/render/tmpl/static/images/TextWorldIcons_Object.png
textworld/render/tmpl/static/images/TextWorldIcons_Player.png
textworld/render/tmpl/static/images/TextWorldIcons_Portable.png
textworld/render/tmpl/static/images/TextWorldIcons_Supporter.png
textworld/render/tmpl/static/images/TextWorldIcons_Uncooked.png
textworld/render/tmpl/static/images/TextWorldIcons_Unlocked.png
textworld/render/tmpl/static/js/bootstrap.min.js
textworld/render/tmpl/static/js/d3.v5.min.js
textworld/render/tmpl/static/js/jquery-3.3.1.min.js
textworld/render/tmpl/static/js/visualization.js
textworld/textgen/__init__.py
textworld/textgen/model.py
textworld/textgen/parser.py
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/.gitignore
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/AUTHORS
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/BUGS
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/COPYING
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/ChangeLog
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/DOSBUILD.txt
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/DUMB
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/HOW_TO_PLAY
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/INSTALL
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/Makefile
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/Makefile.tc
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/PORTING
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/README
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/README.1st
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/TODO
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/build.bat
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/dfrotz
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/frotz.prj
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/.git/HEAD
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/.git/config
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/.git/description
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/.git/index
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/.git/packed-refs
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/.git/hooks/applypatch-msg.sample
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/.git/hooks/commit-msg.sample
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/.git/hooks/post-update.sample
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/.git/hooks/pre-applypatch.sample
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/.git/hooks/pre-commit.sample
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/.git/hooks/pre-push.sample
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/.git/hooks/pre-rebase.sample
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/.git/hooks/prepare-commit-msg.sample
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/.git/hooks/update.sample
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/.git/info/exclude
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/.git/logs/HEAD
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/.git/logs/refs/heads/master
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/.git/logs/refs/remotes/origin/HEAD
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/.git/objects/pack/pack-8a94343b2f6db5bb6d7520dc2da07b250b832b67.idx
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/.git/objects/pack/pack-8a94343b2f6db5bb6d7520dc2da07b250b832b67.pack
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/.git/refs/heads/master
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/.git/refs/remotes/origin/HEAD
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/doc/dfrotz.6
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/doc/frotz.6
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/doc/frotz.conf-big
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/doc/frotz.conf-small
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/frotz_common.a
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/frotz_dumb.a
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/blorb/blorb.h
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/blorb/blorblib.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/blorb/blorblow.h
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/buffer.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/buffer.o
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/err.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/err.o
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/fastmem.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/fastmem.o
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/files.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/files.o
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/frotz.h
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/getopt.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/hotkey.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/hotkey.o
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/input.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/input.o
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/main.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/main.o
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/math.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/math.o
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/object.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/object.o
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/process.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/process.o
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/quetzal.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/quetzal.o
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/random.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/random.o
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/redirect.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/redirect.o
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/screen.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/screen.o
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/setup.h
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/sound.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/sound.o
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/stream.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/stream.o
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/table.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/table.o
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/text.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/text.o
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/variable.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/common/variable.o
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/curses/getopt.h
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/curses/ux_audio_none.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/curses/ux_audio_oss.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/curses/ux_blorb.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/curses/ux_blorb.h
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/curses/ux_file.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/curses/ux_frotz.h
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/curses/ux_init.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/curses/ux_input.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/curses/ux_pic.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/curses/ux_screen.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/curses/ux_setup.h
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/curses/ux_text.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/dos/bcblorb.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/dos/bcblorb.h
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/dos/bcfrotz.h
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/dos/bcinit.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/dos/bcinput.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/dos/bcmouse.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/dos/bcpic.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/dos/bcsample.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/dos/bcscreen.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/dos/bctext.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/dos/blorb.h
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/dos/blorblow.h
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/dos/fontdata.h
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/dumb/dumb_frotz.h
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/dumb/dumb_init.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/dumb/dumb_init.o
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/dumb/dumb_input.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/dumb/dumb_input.o
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/dumb/dumb_output.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/dumb/dumb_output.o
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/dumb/dumb_pic.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/dumb/dumb_pic.o
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/misc/findsound.sh
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/sdl/samplerate.h
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/sdl/sf_aiffwav.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/sdl/sf_deffont.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/sdl/sf_font3.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/sdl/sf_fonts.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/sdl/sf_frotz.h
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/sdl/sf_ftype.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/sdl/sf_images.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/sdl/sf_msg_en.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/sdl/sf_osfdlg.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/sdl/sf_resample.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/sdl/sf_resource.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/sdl/sf_sig.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/sdl/sf_sound.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/sdl/sf_util.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/sdl/sf_video.c
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/test/README
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/test/crashme.inf
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/test/crashme.z5
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/test/gntests.inf
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/test/gntests.z5
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/test/random.inf
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/test/random.z5
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/test/strictz.inf
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/test/strictz.z5
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/test/unicode.inf
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/test/unicode.z5
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/test/etude/Makefile
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/test/etude/README
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/test/etude/accentin.inc
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/test/etude/accents.inc
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/test/etude/color.inc
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/test/etude/division.inc
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/test/etude/etude.inf
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/test/etude/etude.z5
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/test/etude/exittext.inc
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/test/etude/givenin.inc
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/test/etude/header.inc
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/test/etude/styles.inc
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/test/etude/timedch.inc
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/test/etude/timedstr.inc
textworld/thirdparty/frotz/src/test/etude/undo.inc
textworld/thirdparty/glulx/Git-Glulx/git-glulx-ml
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/bin/i7
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Compilers/cBlorb
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Compilers/inform6
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Compilers/intest
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Compilers/ni
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Extensions/Emily Short/Basic Help Menu.i7x
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Extensions/Emily Short/Basic Screen Effects.i7x
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Extensions/Emily Short/Complex Listing.i7x
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Extensions/Emily Short/Glulx Entry Points.i7x
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Extensions/Emily Short/Glulx Image Centering.i7x
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Extensions/Emily Short/Glulx Text Effects.i7x
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Extensions/Emily Short/Inanimate Listeners.i7x
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Extensions/Emily Short/Locksmith.i7x
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Extensions/Emily Short/Menus.i7x
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Extensions/Emily Short/Punctuation Removal.i7x
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Extensions/Emily Short/Skeleton Keys.i7x
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Extensions/Eric Eve/Epistemology.i7x
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Extensions/Graham Nelson/Approximate Metric Units.i7x
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Extensions/Graham Nelson/English Language.i7x
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Extensions/Graham Nelson/Metric Units.i7x
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Extensions/Graham Nelson/Rideable Vehicles.i7x
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Extensions/Graham Nelson/Standard Rules.i7x
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Extensions/Graham Nelson/Unicode Character Names.i7x
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Extensions/Graham Nelson/Unicode Full Character Names.i7x
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/Actions.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/Activities.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/BlockValues.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/Char.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/Chronology.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/Combinations.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/Definitions.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/Figures.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/FileIO.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/Flex.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/Glulx.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/Introduction.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/Language.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/Light.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/ListWriter.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/Lists.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/Load-Actions.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/Load-Core.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/Load-Figures.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/Load-Files.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/Load-Scenes.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/Load-Sounds.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/Load-Times.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/MStack.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/Main.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/Number.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/OrderOfPlay.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/OutOfWorld.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/Output-Stub.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/Output.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/Parser.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/Printing.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/RTP.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/RealNumber.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/RegExp.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/RelationKind.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/Relations.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/Rulebooks.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/Sort.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/StoredAction.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/Tables.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/Tests.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/Text.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/Time.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/UnicodeData.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/Utilities.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/WorldModel.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/I6T/ZMachine.i6t
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Languages/English/Syntax.preform
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Languages/English/about.txt
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Languages/English/flag.png
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Languages/French/about.txt
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Languages/French/flag.png
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Languages/German/about.txt
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Languages/German/flag.png
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Languages/Italian/about.txt
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Languages/Italian/flag.png
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Languages/Spanish/about.txt
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Languages/Spanish/flag.png
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Languages/Swedish/about.txt
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Languages/Swedish/flag.png
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Miscellany/CblorbModel.html
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Miscellany/Cover.jpg
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Miscellany/DefaultCover.jpg
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Miscellany/ExtensionFileModel.html
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Miscellany/ExtensionsModel.html
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Miscellany/IntroductionToIF.pdf
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Miscellany/Postcard.pdf
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Miscellany/Small Cover.jpg
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Miscellany/WinExtensionFileModel.html
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Miscellany/WinExtensionsModel.html
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Miscellany/definitions.html
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Templates/Classic/index.html
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Templates/Classic/source.html
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Templates/Parchment/(manifest).txt
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Templates/Parchment/jquery.min.js
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Templates/Parchment/parchment.min.css
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Templates/Parchment/parchment.min.js
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Templates/Parchment/zvm.min.js
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Templates/Quixe/(manifest).txt
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Templates/Quixe/dialog.css
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Templates/Quixe/glkote.css
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Templates/Quixe/glkote.min.js
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Templates/Quixe/jquery-1.11.2.min.js
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Templates/Quixe/quixe.min.js
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Templates/Quixe/resourcemap.js
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Templates/Quixe/waiting.gif
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Templates/Standard/index.html
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Templates/Standard/play.html
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Templates/Standard/source.html
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Templates/Standard/style.css
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Templates/Vorple/(manifest).txt
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Templates/Vorple/soundmanager2.swf
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Templates/Vorple/vorple.css
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Templates/Vorple/vorple.parchment.min.js
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Internal/Templates/Vorple/zvm.min.js
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Interpreters/dumb-frotz
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Interpreters/dumb-git
textworld/thirdparty/inform7-6M62/share/inform7/Interpreters/dumb-glulxe
textworld_py.egg-info/PKG-INFO
textworld_py.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
textworld_py.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
textworld_py.egg-info/not-zip-safe
textworld_py.egg-info/requires.txt
textworld_py.egg-info/top_level.txt