.coveragerc
COPYING
DESCRIPTION.rst
LICENSE.txt
MANIFEST.in
known_broken_constraints.txt
pylintrc
pytest.ini
setup.cfg
setup.py
tox.ini
versioneer.py
ci_support/ensure_sundials_installed.sh
ci_support/install_sundials.sh
dev_hooks/pre-commit.sh
dev_hooks/run_tests.sh
src/disc_solver/__init__.py
src/disc_solver/_version.py
src/disc_solver/_version_.py
src/disc_solver/constants.py
src/disc_solver/float_handling.py
src/disc_solver/logging.py
src/disc_solver/utils.py
src/disc_solver.egg-info/PKG-INFO
src/disc_solver.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
src/disc_solver.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
src/disc_solver.egg-info/entry_points.txt
src/disc_solver.egg-info/requires.txt
src/disc_solver.egg-info/top_level.txt
src/disc_solver/analyse/__init__.py
src/disc_solver/analyse/acc_plot.py
src/disc_solver/analyse/combine_plot.py
src/disc_solver/analyse/compare_plot.py
src/disc_solver/analyse/component_plot.py
src/disc_solver/analyse/conserve_plot.py
src/disc_solver/analyse/derivs_plot.py
src/disc_solver/analyse/diverge_plot.py
src/disc_solver/analyse/hydro_check_plot.py
src/disc_solver/analyse/info.py
src/disc_solver/analyse/j_e_plot.py
src/disc_solver/analyse/params_plot.py
src/disc_solver/analyse/plot.py
src/disc_solver/analyse/taylor_plot.py
src/disc_solver/analyse/utils.py
src/disc_solver/analyse/validate_plot.py
src/disc_solver/file_format/__init__.py
src/disc_solver/file_format/_containers.py
src/disc_solver/file_format/_dumpers.py
src/disc_solver/file_format/_loaders.py
src/disc_solver/file_format/_old_dict_loading.py
src/disc_solver/file_format/_utils.py
src/disc_solver/solve/__init__.py
src/disc_solver/solve/config.py
src/disc_solver/solve/deriv_funcs.py
src/disc_solver/solve/hydrostatic.py
src/disc_solver/solve/j_e_funcs.py
src/disc_solver/solve/mcmc.py
src/disc_solver/solve/mod_hydro.py
src/disc_solver/solve/resolve.py
src/disc_solver/solve/single.py
src/disc_solver/solve/solution.py
src/disc_solver/solve/sonic_root.py
src/disc_solver/solve/stepper.py
src/disc_solver/solve/taylor_space.py
src/disc_solver/solve/utils.py
tests/conftest.py
tests/test_hydrostatic.py
tests/test_mod_hydro.py
tests/test_odes.py
tests/test_odes_sonic.py
tests/test_run.py
tests/test_utils.py
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_hydrostatic.test_E_φ__<Function 'test_E_φ'><class 'float'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_hydrostatic.test_E_φ__<Function 'test_E_φ'><class 'numpy.binary128'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_hydrostatic.test_E_φ__<Function 'test_E_φ'><class 'numpy.float64'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_hydrostatic.test_azimuthal_induction_numeric__<Function 'test_azimuthal_induction_numeric'><class 'float'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_hydrostatic.test_azimuthal_induction_numeric__<Function 'test_azimuthal_induction_numeric'><class 'numpy.binary128'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_hydrostatic.test_azimuthal_induction_numeric__<Function 'test_azimuthal_induction_numeric'><class 'numpy.float64'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_hydrostatic.test_continuity__<Function 'test_continuity'><class 'float'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_hydrostatic.test_continuity__<Function 'test_continuity'><class 'numpy.binary128'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_hydrostatic.test_continuity__<Function 'test_continuity'><class 'numpy.float64'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_hydrostatic.test_polar_induction__<Function 'test_polar_induction'><class 'float'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_hydrostatic.test_polar_induction__<Function 'test_polar_induction'><class 'numpy.binary128'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_hydrostatic.test_polar_induction__<Function 'test_polar_induction'><class 'numpy.float64'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_hydrostatic.test_polar_momentum__<Function 'test_polar_momentum'><class 'float'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_hydrostatic.test_polar_momentum__<Function 'test_polar_momentum'><class 'numpy.binary128'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_hydrostatic.test_polar_momentum__<Function 'test_polar_momentum'><class 'numpy.float64'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_hydrostatic.test_solenoid__<Function 'test_solenoid'><class 'float'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_hydrostatic.test_solenoid__<Function 'test_solenoid'><class 'numpy.binary128'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_hydrostatic.test_solenoid__<Function 'test_solenoid'><class 'numpy.float64'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_mod_hydro.test_E_φ__<Function 'test_E_φ'><class 'float'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_mod_hydro.test_E_φ__<Function 'test_E_φ'><class 'numpy.binary128'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_mod_hydro.test_E_φ__<Function 'test_E_φ'><class 'numpy.float64'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_mod_hydro.test_azimuthal_induction_numeric__<Function 'test_azimuthal_induction_numeric'><class 'float'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_mod_hydro.test_azimuthal_induction_numeric__<Function 'test_azimuthal_induction_numeric'><class 'numpy.binary128'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_mod_hydro.test_azimuthal_induction_numeric__<Function 'test_azimuthal_induction_numeric'><class 'numpy.float64'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_mod_hydro.test_continuity__<Function 'test_continuity'><class 'float'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_mod_hydro.test_continuity__<Function 'test_continuity'><class 'numpy.binary128'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_mod_hydro.test_continuity__<Function 'test_continuity'><class 'numpy.float64'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_mod_hydro.test_polar_induction__<Function 'test_polar_induction'><class 'float'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_mod_hydro.test_polar_induction__<Function 'test_polar_induction'><class 'numpy.binary128'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_mod_hydro.test_polar_induction__<Function 'test_polar_induction'><class 'numpy.float64'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_mod_hydro.test_polar_momentum__<Function 'test_polar_momentum'><class 'float'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_mod_hydro.test_polar_momentum__<Function 'test_polar_momentum'><class 'numpy.binary128'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_mod_hydro.test_polar_momentum__<Function 'test_polar_momentum'><class 'numpy.float64'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_mod_hydro.test_solenoid__<Function 'test_solenoid'><class 'float'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_mod_hydro.test_solenoid__<Function 'test_solenoid'><class 'numpy.binary128'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_mod_hydro.test_solenoid__<Function 'test_solenoid'><class 'numpy.float64'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes.test_E_φ__<Function 'test_E_φ'><class 'float'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes.test_E_φ__<Function 'test_E_φ'><class 'numpy.binary128'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes.test_E_φ__<Function 'test_E_φ'><class 'numpy.float64'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes.test_azimuthal_induction_numeric__<Function 'test_azimuthal_induction_numeric'><class 'float'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes.test_azimuthal_induction_numeric__<Function 'test_azimuthal_induction_numeric'><class 'numpy.binary128'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes.test_azimuthal_induction_numeric__<Function 'test_azimuthal_induction_numeric'><class 'numpy.float64'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes.test_azimuthal_mometum__<Function 'test_azimuthal_mometum'><class 'float'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes.test_azimuthal_mometum__<Function 'test_azimuthal_mometum'><class 'numpy.binary128'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes.test_azimuthal_mometum__<Function 'test_azimuthal_mometum'><class 'numpy.float64'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes.test_continuity__<Function 'test_continuity'><class 'float'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes.test_continuity__<Function 'test_continuity'><class 'numpy.binary128'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes.test_continuity__<Function 'test_continuity'><class 'numpy.float64'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes.test_polar_induction__<Function 'test_polar_induction'><class 'float'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes.test_polar_induction__<Function 'test_polar_induction'><class 'numpy.binary128'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes.test_polar_induction__<Function 'test_polar_induction'><class 'numpy.float64'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes.test_polar_momentum__<Function 'test_polar_momentum'><class 'float'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes.test_polar_momentum__<Function 'test_polar_momentum'><class 'numpy.binary128'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes.test_polar_momentum__<Function 'test_polar_momentum'><class 'numpy.float64'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes.test_radial_momentum__<Function 'test_radial_momentum'><class 'float'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes.test_radial_momentum__<Function 'test_radial_momentum'><class 'numpy.binary128'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes.test_radial_momentum__<Function 'test_radial_momentum'><class 'numpy.float64'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes.test_solenoid__<Function 'test_solenoid'><class 'float'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes.test_solenoid__<Function 'test_solenoid'><class 'numpy.binary128'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes.test_solenoid__<Function 'test_solenoid'><class 'numpy.float64'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes_sonic.test_E_φ__<Function 'test_E_φ'><class 'float'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes_sonic.test_E_φ__<Function 'test_E_φ'><class 'numpy.binary128'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes_sonic.test_E_φ__<Function 'test_E_φ'><class 'numpy.float64'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes_sonic.test_azimuthal_induction_numeric__<Function 'test_azimuthal_induction_numeric'><class 'float'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes_sonic.test_azimuthal_induction_numeric__<Function 'test_azimuthal_induction_numeric'><class 'numpy.binary128'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes_sonic.test_azimuthal_induction_numeric__<Function 'test_azimuthal_induction_numeric'><class 'numpy.float64'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes_sonic.test_azimuthal_mometum__<Function 'test_azimuthal_mometum'><class 'float'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes_sonic.test_azimuthal_mometum__<Function 'test_azimuthal_mometum'><class 'numpy.binary128'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes_sonic.test_azimuthal_mometum__<Function 'test_azimuthal_mometum'><class 'numpy.float64'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes_sonic.test_continuity__<Function 'test_continuity'><class 'float'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes_sonic.test_continuity__<Function 'test_continuity'><class 'numpy.binary128'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes_sonic.test_continuity__<Function 'test_continuity'><class 'numpy.float64'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes_sonic.test_polar_induction__<Function 'test_polar_induction'><class 'float'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes_sonic.test_polar_induction__<Function 'test_polar_induction'><class 'numpy.binary128'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes_sonic.test_polar_induction__<Function 'test_polar_induction'><class 'numpy.float64'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes_sonic.test_polar_momentum__<Function 'test_polar_momentum'><class 'float'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes_sonic.test_polar_momentum__<Function 'test_polar_momentum'><class 'numpy.binary128'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes_sonic.test_polar_momentum__<Function 'test_polar_momentum'><class 'numpy.float64'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes_sonic.test_radial_momentum__<Function 'test_radial_momentum'><class 'float'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes_sonic.test_radial_momentum__<Function 'test_radial_momentum'><class 'numpy.binary128'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes_sonic.test_radial_momentum__<Function 'test_radial_momentum'><class 'numpy.float64'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes_sonic.test_solenoid__<Function 'test_solenoid'><class 'float'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes_sonic.test_solenoid__<Function 'test_solenoid'><class 'numpy.binary128'>.out
tests/_regtest_outputs/test_odes_sonic.test_solenoid__<Function 'test_solenoid'><class 'numpy.float64'>.out
tests/images/test_acc_file_hydrostatic_solution_default.png
tests/images/test_acc_file_hydrostatic_solution_no_internal.png
tests/images/test_acc_file_single_solution_default.png
tests/images/test_acc_file_single_solution_no_internal.png
tests/images/test_acc_file_sonic_root_solution_default.png
tests/images/test_acc_file_sonic_root_solution_no_internal.png
tests/images/test_acc_file_step_solution_default.png
tests/images/test_combine_file_hydrostatic_solution_default.png
tests/images/test_combine_file_hydrostatic_solution_no_internal.png
tests/images/test_combine_file_single_solution_default.png
tests/images/test_combine_file_single_solution_no_internal.png
tests/images/test_combine_file_sonic_root_solution_default.png
tests/images/test_combine_file_sonic_root_solution_no_internal.png
tests/images/test_combine_file_step_solution_default.png
tests/images/test_derivs_file_single_solution_default.png
tests/images/test_derivs_file_sonic_root_solution_default.png
tests/images/test_derivs_file_step_solution_default.png
tests/images/test_j_e_plot_file_hydrostatic_solution_default.png
tests/images/test_j_e_plot_file_hydrostatic_solution_no_internal.png
tests/images/test_j_e_plot_file_single_solution_default.png
tests/images/test_j_e_plot_file_single_solution_no_internal.png
tests/images/test_j_e_plot_file_sonic_root_solution_default.png
tests/images/test_j_e_plot_file_sonic_root_solution_no_internal.png
tests/images/test_j_e_plot_file_step_solution_default.png
tests/images/test_jacobian_file_hydrostatic_solution_default.png
tests/images/test_jacobian_file_hydrostatic_solution_no_internal.png
tests/images/test_jacobian_file_single_solution_default.png
tests/images/test_jacobian_file_single_solution_no_internal.png
tests/images/test_jacobian_file_sonic_root_solution_default.png
tests/images/test_jacobian_file_sonic_root_solution_no_internal.png
tests/images/test_jacobian_file_step_solution_default.png
tests/images/test_params_file_hydrostatic_solution_default.png
tests/images/test_params_file_single_solution_default.png
tests/images/test_params_file_sonic_root_solution_default.png
tests/images/test_params_file_step_solution_default.png
tests/images/test_plot_file_hydrostatic_solution_default.png
tests/images/test_plot_file_hydrostatic_solution_no_internal.png
tests/images/test_plot_file_single_solution_default.png
tests/images/test_plot_file_single_solution_no_internal.png
tests/images/test_plot_file_sonic_root_solution_default.png
tests/images/test_plot_file_sonic_root_solution_no_internal.png
tests/images/test_plot_file_step_solution_default.png
tests/images/test_taylor_file_single_solution_default.png
tests/images/test_taylor_file_sonic_root_solution_default.png
tests/images/test_taylor_file_step_solution_default.png
tests/images/test_validate_file_hydrostatic_solution_default.png
tests/images/test_validate_file_single_solution_default.png
tests/images/test_validate_file_sonic_root_solution_default.png
tests/images/test_validate_file_step_solution_default.png